"FantasyMarket" 

A secondary market for fantasy football teams. Gambling on gamblers. Consider this scenario: you draft a team and the team looks really strong. You want to sell a portion of your team to somebody else. If your league dues are $100, you sell 10% of your team for $10. The investor then has the opportunity to win 10% of the total league pot, which in a winner-takes-all league of 10 teams would be $100. You do this because you want to make back your league dues in case you don’t end up winning the league. The investor does this because it’s a very easy way to win $100 (10 for 100).  

On a week to week basis, you have the opportunity to bet on different matchups given a certain spread or a money line (just like in real betting). Once the bet is placed, that bet is locked in to the lineups at the time of the bet. If a lineup change is made, the better will receive an alert letting them know they can change their bet by cancelling their bet and making a new one (the spread will be adjusted for the updated lineup) or still keep their bet on the previous lineups (still with the previous spread).   

In a dream world you’d be able to bet on your favorite celebrities and players and sports analysts as they go head to head with each other.  As long as their league is public, you’d be able to bet on them. This will come with leaderboards highlighting top earners, top fantasy players, top celebrities etc. Avid fantasy football players will finally get recognized on a national scale for being good at fantasy football. 
